feat: offline search (#2110)
vuejs/vitepress: docs/reference/default-theme-search.md

# Search

## Offline Search

VitePress supports fuzzy full-text search using a in-browser index thanks to [minisearch](https://github.com/lucaong/minisearch/). You can enable it in your `.vitepress/config.ts` with the `offlineSearch` theme config:

```ts
import { defineConfig } from 'vitepress'

export default defineConfig({
  themeConfig: {
    offlineSearch: true
  }
})
```

Example result:

![screenshot of the search modal](/search.png)

> Alternatively, you can use [Algolia DocSearch](#algolia-search) or some community plugins like <https://github.com/emersonbottero/vitepress-plugin-search>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use [Algolia DocSearch](#algolia-search) or some community plugins like <https://www.npmjs.com/package/vitepress-plugin-search> or <https://www.npmjs.com/package/vitepress-plugin-pagefind>.
```
